[Dev] Update documentation for the localization process (#705)
Despair-Games/poketernity: docs/localization.md

# Localization (for Developers)

> Pokéternity's Team puts immense effort into making the game accessible around the world, supporting over 9 different languages at the time of writing this document. As a developer, it's important to help maintain global accessibility by effectively coordinating with the Translation Team on any new feature or enhancement. This document will cover everything you need to know to help keep the integration process for localization smooth and simple.

Reviewer: If we go by localization codes, there's currently 16 (though some of them are nearly empty)

Author: only 9 are selectable in the game at the moment, so it makes sense to go with that, there's no need to inflate the number

    ```ts
    // from "en/file-name.json"...
    "keyName": "{{arg1}}! This is {{arg2}} of translated text!"
    ```
    If the key doesn't exist for the user's language, the game will default to the corresponding English key.
3. The game shows the text to the user:
    ```ts
    "Hello! This is an example of translated text!"
    ```

### Requirements for Adding Translated Text

If you have a feature or enhancement that requires additions or changes to in-game text, you will need to make a fork of the `poketernity-locales` repo and submit your text changes as a pull request to that repo in addition to your pull request to the main project. Since these two PRs aren't technically linked, it's important to coordinate with the Translation Team to ensure that both PRs are integrated safely into the project. As the developer, you are responsible for creating or adjusting English keys in support of your feature or enhancement; the Translation Team will take care of the rest.

When your new feature or enhancement requires a new key **without changing text in existing keys**, we require the following workflow with regards to localization:

> 1. You (the developer) make a pull request to the main repository for your new feature. If this feature requires new text, the text should be integrated into the code with a new `i18next` key pointing to where you plan to add it into the `poketernity-locales` repository. **DO NOT HARDCODE ENGLISH TEXT FOR ANY TEXT ADDITIONS.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You (the developer) make a pull request to the main repository for your new feature. If this feature requires new text, the text should be integrated into the code with a new `i18next` key pointing to where you plan to add it into the `poketernity-locales` repository. **DO NOT HARDCODE PLAYER-FACING ENGLISH TEXT INTO THE CODE!**
```

<!-- You should also {who to contact/where to post} whenever you make a new PR to locales to ensure a fast response. -->
3. The Translation Team will approve the locale PR (after corrections, if necessary), then merge it into `poketernity-locales`.
4. You can then test integration in your main PR after fetching the updated locale (`git submodule update --remote --recursive`). To ease the review process, you should provide a video of any text additions being shown in-game at this point.
5. The Dev Team will approve your main PR for your feature, then merge it into Pokéternity's beta environment.

### Requirements for Modifying Translated Text

PRs that modify existing text have different risks with respect to coordination between development and translation, so their requirements are slightly different:
- As above, you set up 2 PRs: one for the feature itself in the main repo, and another for the changes you need to make to the locale repo as a result of your feature.

> - Now, however, you need to have your main PR be approved by the Dev Team (and Game Design/Balance if applicable) **before** your corresponding locale changes are merged in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Now, however, you need to have your main PR be approved by the Dev Team **before** your corresponding locale changes are merged in.
```
Since we're now using "Dev Team" to refer to everyone and "Engineering" to refer to the coding team.
